{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f2\fnil Consolas;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset161 Consolas;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 THE WEBSITE\b0\par
\par
Name/Domain ideas:\par
\tab whataremychances.com\par
\tab shouldigetvaccinated.com\par
\tab shoulditakethevaccine.com\par
\tab vaccineornot.com\par
\tab vaccinateornot.com\par
\tab vaxornot.com\par
\par
----------\par
\b HOME PAGE:\b0\par
\par
What are my chances?\par
\par
Should you get vaccinated?\line /Are you better off getting vaccinated, or not getting vaccinated?\par
\par
Take the test here\par
/Take the survey here\par
\par
DISCLAIMER\par
\par
SOURCES FOOTER\par
\par
----------\par
\b TEST/SURVEY PAGE:\b0\par
\par
(1)--(2)--(3)\par
    Form\par
|           |\par
|           |\par
|           |\par
|           |\par
|           |\par
|   Next    |\par
 -----------\par
\par
(implementar sess\'f5es, para salvar os resultados, pois mais de um usu\'e1rio pode querer se checar, e o mesmo usuario pode querer checar mais de uma pessoa.\line Pensar em implementar login/contas, para que as pessoas possam salvar os resultados indefinidamente, para acessar novamente depois, principalmente se ela parar no meio por n\'e3o saber algum item e decida ir testar antes mas queira voltar depois e continuar de onde parou)\par
\par
Estilizar info adicional, em parenteses, de cada item do formul\'e1rio\line Estilizar as linhas dos formul\'e1rios como escuro-claro(testar, pois pode ficar muito "busy")?\par
\par
\b DADOS PESSOAIS\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Cidade\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Idade\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Sexo\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}(mulheres) Amamentando crian\'e7as menores de 6 m\'eases\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Hipersensibilidade* ou alergia grave ao ovo? (CDC: *Although hypersensitivity is a contraindication, yellow fever vaccination can be considered in the setting of appropriate desensitization.)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Vive com HIV e tem contagem de c\'e9lulas CD4 menor que 350? (CDC: Symptomatic HIV infection or CD4+ value <200/mm3[cubic] (or <15% of total lymphocytes in children younger than 6 years))\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CDC: Thymus disorder with abnormal immune cell function\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CDC: Primary immunodeficiencies\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CDC: Malignant neoplasms\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CDC: Transplantation\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Em tratamento com quimioterapia ou radioterapia?\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Portador de alguma doen\'e7a autoimune?\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Recebeu ou recebe tratamento com imunossupressores(que diminuem a defesa do corpo)?\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Vai viajar/sair da cidade? Qual(is) cidade(s)/estado(s)/pa\'eds(es)?\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Por quanto tempo vai ficar nessa(s) cidade(s)? (WHO: Great care should be exercised not to prescribe yellow fever vaccination to individuals who are not at risk of exposure to infection, based on an accurate assessment of the travel itinerary. Although vaccination is generally not recommended for travellers going to areas where the risk of exposure is low, any risk (e.g. as a result of prolonged travel or heavy exposure to mosquito bites) should be weighed against individual risk factors for vaccineassociated adverse events (e.g. altered immune status).)\par

\pard\par
\b WHO:\b0\line "Type of vaccine: Live, attenuated\par
\par
Number of doses: One dose of 0.5 ml\par
\par
Boosters: A single dose of YF vaccine is sufficient to confer sustained lifelong protective immunity against YF disease; a booster dose is not necessary for protection but may still be required by some countries. Adjustments of the provisions for the duration of validity of certificates under the IHR are ongoing.\par
\par
Contraindications: Infants aged less than 6 months; history of severe allergy to egg or to any of the vaccine components, or hypersensitivity to a previous dose of the vaccine; thymoma or history of thymectomy, immunodeficiency from medication, disease or symptomatic HIV infection\par
\par
Adverse reactions: Rarely, neurological (encephalitis) or multi-organ failure resembling wild-type yellow fever.\par
\par
Before departure: International certificate of vaccination becomes valid 10 days after vaccination.\par
\par
Recommended for: All travellers to countries and areas with risk of yellow fever transmission and when required by countries.\par
\par
Special precautions:Not recommended for infants aged 6\f1 -\f0 8 months, except during epidemics when the risk of YF virus transmission may be very high. The risks and benefits of vaccination in this age group should be carefully considered before vaccination. The vaccine should be avoided during pregnancy or breastfeeding. However, pregnant or nursing women may be vaccinated during epidemics or if travel to a country or area at risk of transmission is unavoidable."\par
\par
\b N\'c3O DEVEM TOMAR:\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Menores de 9 meses de idade;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Mulheres amamentando crian\'e7as menores de 6 meses de idade (WHO: Noting that yellow fever vaccine is a live vaccine, a risk vs benefit assessment should be undertaken for all pregnant and lactating women. In areas where YF is endemic, or during outbreaks, the benefits of YF vaccination are likely to far outweigh the risk of potential transmission of vaccine virus to the fetus or infant. Pregnant women and nursing mothers should be counselled on the potential benefits and risks of vaccination so that they may make an informed decision about vaccination. Lactating women should be advised that the benefits of breastfeeding far outweigh alternatives. Vaccination is recommended, if indicated, for pregnant or breastfeeding women travelling to endemic areas when such travel cannot be avoided or postponed.);\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pessoas com hipersensibilidade* ou alergia grave ao ovo (CDC: *Although hypersensitivity is a contraindication, yellow fever vaccination can be considered in the setting of appropriate desensitization.). CDC: Yellow fever vaccine is contraindicated for people with a history of acute hypersensitivity reaction to a previous dose of the vaccine, as well as those who have a history of reaction to any component of the vaccine, including eggs, egg products, chicken proteins, or gelatin. The stopper of the vaccine vial contains dry natural latex rubber that might also cause an allergic reaction. However, allergic reactions to latex after vaccinations, including anaphylaxis, are rare for patients. People who can eat eggs or egg products may receive the vaccine. For egg- sensitive individuals, including those with a history of minor reactions, a scratch test or intradermal test can be performed prior to administering the vaccine to check for reactivity. If a person has a history of severe egg sensitivity or has a positive skin test to the vaccine, and vaccination is recommended because of his or her destination-specific risk, desensitization can be performed under direct supervision of a physician. The physician should be experienced in desensitization and the management of anaphylaxis. The desensitization procedure is detailed in the product insert.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pessoas que vivem com HIV e que tem contagem de c\'e9lulas CD4 menor que 350 (CDC: Symptomatic HIV infection or CD4+ value <200/mm3[cubic] (or <15% of total lymphocytes in children younger than 6 years)). Asymptomatic HIV Infection: 1. Asymptomatic HIV infection is a precaution for yellow fever vaccination when CD4+ T-lymphocyte values are 200\f2\endash 499/mm3 or 15%\endash 24% of total lymphocytes in children younger than age 6 years. If these patients cannot avoid travel to a yellow fever-endemic area, vaccination can be considered after discussing the potential risks and benefits with the patient. If vaccinated, they should be monitored closely for adverse events. Although large prospective, randomized trials have not been performed to adequately address the safety and efficacy of yellow fever vaccine among this group of moderately immune-suppressed patients, limited studies have reported no serious adverse events.\f0  \f2 HIV-infection has been associated with a reduced immunologic response to yellow fever vaccine. Because vaccination of asymptomatic HIV-infected people might be less effective than that for people not infected with HIV, measurement of their neutralizing antibody response to vaccination should be considered before travel. Contact the appropriate state health department or the Division of Vector-borne Diseases at CDC by phoning 970-221-6400 to discuss the need for serologic testing\f0 ;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CDC: Thymus disorder with abnormal immune cell function. Yellow fever vaccine is contraindicated for people with thymus disorders that are associated with abnormal immune cell function, such as thymomas or myasthenia gravis. This contraindication includes people who have a history of thymectomy for thymoma or other thymus disorders. These patients are advised to avoid travel to yellow fever-endemic areas. If travel to these areas is unavoidable, patients should be advised of the risks associated with non- vaccination, instructed in the methods for avoiding mosquitoes, and issued a medical waiver to meet entry requirements. To date, there is no evidence of immune dysfunction or increased risk of yellow fever vaccine-associated serious adverse events in people who have undergone incidental surgical removal of their thymus or have had radiation therapy in the distant past. These patients may receive yellow fever vaccine, if indicated, based on their destination-specific yellow fever risk. (look for a list of conditions associated with each of the contraindicated items, to make the questions more specific) Thymoma is considered to be a thymus disorder potentially associated with abnormal immune cell function, even after the thymoma has been removed surgically. As such, a history of thymoma is a contraindication to yellow fever vaccination. The traveler should not receive the vaccination and should be advised to avoid traveling to Trinidad or other yellow fever-endemic countries. If travel is unavoidable, advise of the risks of non-vaccination, instruct in methods for avoiding mosquitoes, and issue a medical waiver to meet entry requirements;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CDC: Primary immunodeficiencies\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CDC: Malignant neoplasms\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}CDC: Transplantation (solid organ transplant, bone marrow transplant recipients within 2 years of transplantation, or people whose transplants occurred more than 2 years ago but who are still taking immunosuppressive drugs).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pessoas em de tratamento com quimioterapia/radioterapia. CDC:  Radiation therapy (current or recent);\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pessoas portadoras de doen\'e7as autoimunes;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pessoas submetidas a tratamento com imunossupressores (que diminuem a defesa do corpo). CDC: Immunosuppresive therapy (such as systemic corticosteroids, alkylating agents, antimetabolites, TNF-\f3\lang1032\'e1 inhibitors, IL-1 and IL-6 blocking agents, and monoclonal antibodies targeting immune cells)\f0\lang1033\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Pessoas com a imunidade baixa. CDC: Yellow fever vaccination is contraindicated for people who are immunocompromised. These people are advised to postpone or avoid travel to yellow fever-endemic areas;\par

\pard\par
CDC: A precaution is a condition in a vaccine recipient that might increase the risk for a serious adverse reaction or that might compromise the ability of the vaccine to produce immunity. According to the ACIP recommendations, vaccination should be deferred when a precaution is present. However, yellow fever vaccination can be considered in these situations if travel to an endemic area is unavoidable and the benefits of vaccination outweigh the risks. Note that the ACIP considers moderate to severe acute illness, with or without fever, as a precaution to administration of all vaccines. Precautions to yellow fever vaccine administration are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\f2 Asymptomatic HIV infection with moderately decreased CD4+ counts\f0 ;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f2 Pregnancy\f0 ;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f2 Breastfeeding\f0 ;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f2 Adults aged 60 years or older\f0 ;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f2 Infants aged 6\endash 8 months\f0 .\par

\pard\f2 For specific guidance in these situations, follow the recommendations of the ACIP\f0  [...].\par
\par
(Colocar mais peso nas perguntas que tem mais peso e mais possibilidade de respostas mais concretas, que a pessoa possa saber de fato. Exemplo: "submetidas a tratamento com imunosupressores" ter mais peso que "com imunidade baixa" visto que parece mais prov\'e1vel que a pessoa saiba factualmente a primeira do que a segunda pergunta).\line De repente fazer um sistema de pesos/atachar pesos \'e0s perguntas, para ser utilizado nos c\'e1lculos.\par
\par
- Administer the vaccine only when it is clearly indicated for travel to areas with risk of yellow fever transmission, or as required by International Health Regulations (IHR).\par
\par
\b RESULTS PAGE\line\b0 Along with the result, try to provide an explanation to why the vaccine is recommended, or not recommended, in that particular case, as well as provide suggestions(e.g.: recommend to postpone or avoid travel, if they're going to travel to yellow fever-endemic areas, or areas where an outburst of cases has happened recently?).\par
CDC: If travel to these areas is unavoidable, travelers should be advised of the risks associated with non-vaccination, instructed in methods for avoiding mosquitoes/, and issued a medical waiver to meet entry requirements.\par
\par
\b DADOS PARA O BACKEND(USO INTERNO)\par
\b0 - \'c1reas de risco\line - \'c1reas onde a doen\'e7a est\'e1 se aproximando, e expectativa de chegada\line (\'c1reas "OK"; \'e1reas "NO-GO"/"AVOID"/"HIGH-RISK"; \'e1reas "OK UNTIL ..."/"NO-GO STARTING ..."\par
- Margem de erro das previs\'f5es de chegada\par
- \'c1reas com recomenda\'e7\'e3o a se vacinar\line - N\'famero de mortos pela doen\'e7a\line - N\'famero de mortos pela vacina\line - N\'famero de pessoas em cada cidade\line - Taxa de fatalidades pela doen\'e7a, de cada cidade\par
- Taxa de fatalidades pela vacina, de cada cidade?\par
\par
(Pensar em tentar ter precis\'e3o \'e0 n\'edvel de bairro, se poss\'edvel)\par
\par
---\par
\b References:\line MS\b0 : Minist\'e9rio da Sa\'fade (Brasil)\par
\b CDC\b0 : Center for Disease Control and Prevention (USA)\line\b WHO\b0 : World Health Organization (USA/International?)\par
\par
----------\par
\b WHY THIS?/ABOUT(IN DETAIL) PAGE (WITH THE METHODOLOGY USED) AND A CALL FOR PARTICIPATION TO IMPLEMENT THE SAME FOR OTHER VACCINES IF DATA IS AVAILABLE\par
\b0 Maybe give special notice to the fact that it depends a lot on the individual/the decision should be personalized based on the individual's details.\par
Maybe, even, [analyze and] promote the idea of running a series of tests before vaccinating people. Test people's lymphocites levels and immunity -- especially -- if possible, allergic reactions, etc.\par
\par
\b SOURCES (IN DETAIL)\line\b0 Maybe, provide the sources used, as well as the details of what parts were used, what page or section to find the information, etc.\par
\par
----------\par
\b CONTACT\b0\par
Contact form for corrections(especially about the data and/or methodology used), suggestions, etc.\par
(Check if it's easy to implement with Flask and/or if it's worth it considering the scope of project0)\par
\par
----------\par
\b INFO YELLOW FEVER(SYMPTOMS, ETC.) | INFO VACCINE + REACTIONS\line\b0\par
}
 